systemd-path: add page (#10622)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/systemd-path.md

# systemd-path

> List and query system and user paths.
> More information: <https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd-path.html>.

> - When invoked without arguments, the command displays a list of known paths and their current values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display a list of known paths and their current values:
```

`systemd-path`

> - When at least one argument is provided, the path with the specified name is queried, and its value is displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Query the specified path and display its value:
```

> `systemd-path "{{query_name}}"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`systemd-path "{{path_name}}"`
```

> - Print paths with the specified string as a suffix:
> 
> `systemd-path --suffix="{{suffix_string}}"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Suffix printed paths with `suffix_string`:

`systemd-path --suffix {{suffix_string}}`
```

Author: @acuteenvy updated
